An elevator system, which can be initialised with N elevators and maintains the elevator states as well. 
Table of Contents:
A. Each elevator has below capabilities:
B. Elevator System takes care of:
C. Assumptions:
D. Asks:
E. API’s required:
F. Submission Process and Judging Criteria:

A. Each elevator has below capabilities:
Move Up and Down
Open and Close Door
Start and Stop Running
Display Current Status
Decide whether to move up or down, based on a list of requests from users.

B. Elevator System takes care of:
Decides which lift to associate which floor.
Marks which elevator is available or busy.
Can mark which elevator is operational and which is not.

C. Assumptions:
Number of elevators in the system will be defined by the API to intialise the elevator system
Elevator System has got only one button per floor.
So if there are a total of 5 floors, there will be 5 buttons in total.
Note that, this doesn't not mimic real world, when you would have a total of 10 buttons for 5 floors ( one for up and one for down)
Once the elevator reaches its called point, then based on what floor is requested, it moves either up or down.
Assume the API calls which make the elevator go up/down or stop will reflect immediately. When the API to go up is called, you can assume that the elevator has already reached the above floor. 
The system has to assign the most optimal elevator to the user according to their request.

D. Asks:
Create a Django Project to maintain elevator system and its operations
You can use Postgres for DB if needed
You can use redis for caching if needed
You need to use Django REST Framework (DRF) including ViewSets, Serializers etc
Come up with a API response enabling easy integrations & makes sense by just looking at it
Use good naming conventions
Add comments and documentations where ever necessary
E. API’s required:
Initialise the elevator system to create ‘n’ elevators in the system
Fetch all requests for a given elevator
Fetch the next destination floor for a given elevator
Fetch if the elevator is moving up or down currently
Saves user request to the list of requests for a elevator
Mark a elevator as not working or in maintenance 
Open/close the door.
